Released on April 29, 2026

### 💅 Polish
- https:// and shortlived SSL is now used on new isntallations if public IPv4 is present on the server and custom domain is not provided by user.
- Improvements to Bandwidth (port speed) restrictions.
- Improvements to plan-apply and users-add scripts.
- `opencli commands` is renamed to `opencli help`.
- `opencli webserver-get_webserver_for_user` command is deprecated.
- Commands: `opencli php-domain`, `opencli domains-edit`, `opencli domains-delete`, `opencli domains-docroot`, `opencli domains-add`, `opencli user-varnish` no longer use the deprecated `opencli webserver-get_webserver_for_user` command.
- CSS improvements on user-panel: auto-height for logo image, close/open cursors for closing sidebar
- Users can now be created with resources exceeding the server physical cpu and memory.
- `/api/database-size` no longer uses user defined ini file for executing wp cli command.
- WP-CLI updated to v2.12.0
- UI changes in user panel: search moved to top-right corner, 'Dahsboard' removed from menu items, added expand/collapse button on the menu.
- Added `/mysql/import`, `/domains/new`, `/domains/suspend`, `/domains/unsuspend`, `/services` links to search filter.
- Cronjob service is now auto-disabled for user if no cronjobs exist.
- Added 60s timeout for `/root/openpanel_run_on_startup` executed on UI startup.
- Added 5s timeout for opencli scripts executed on UI startup.
- Added 10s timeout for purging redis cache on UI startup.
- Added caching for mysql type on MySQL pages.
- Default login ratelimit is increased from 5 to 20 attempts per minute.
- Added redis caching to Favorites and Capitalize modules.
- `/api/container/df` page removed from user panel.

### 🐛 Bug Fixes
- Fixed bug with MOTD on root login that still used http:// wven when IP with SSL is set.
- Fixed bug on domain-add that failed to detect webserver for user, causing vhost files to not be created.
- Fixed bug on `opencli user-login` failing to format url when IP is set for panel access and no SSL.
- Fixed bug on OpenAdmin > Settings > API with loading examples.
- Fixed bug on domain suspend/unsuspend status not shoed in user panel for 30s.
- Fixed bug on `opencli email-server install` that used http for IP even if SSL is available.
- Fixed a bug in FileManager where creating a new file incorrectly reported success even if the file already existed.
- Fixed `EventSource's response has a MIME type ("text/plain") that is not "text/event-stream". Aborting the connection. ` on OpenAdmin > Process Manager > Strace.
- Fixed bug with Inodes Explorer not showing in search results.
- Fixed bug on healtcheck for Elasticsearch returning Unhealthy due to `xpack.security.enabled` in versions 8+
- Fixed bug on docroot change with webserver not being restarted.
- Fixed bug: dns zone not reloaded on DNS record edit
- Fixed bug on DNS zone restart: rpemail not being set.
- Fixed error on plan edit when applying limits to suspended users.
- Fixed warning `/usr/local/lib/python3.12/site-packages/urllib3/connectionpool.py:1097: InsecureRequestWarning: Unverified HTTPS request is being made to host '185.193.66.252'. Adding certificate verification is strongly advised. See: https://urllib3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/advanced-usage.html#tls-warnings` when IP and https are used for shortlived SSL.
- Fixed notification sending bug due to hardcoded port 2087.
