
# 0.3.1

Not yet released.


### ðŸš€ New features
- [Temporary domains for websites added to the Site Manager interface](/docs/panel/applications/wordpress/#preview-with-temporary-link).

### ðŸ› Bug fixes
- Fixed [bug #66 - Password reset for openpanel users does not end all active sessions on that user](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/OpenPanel/issues/66)
- Fixed [bug with the update script causing multiple notifications](https://community.openpanel.org/d/104-bug-in-update-script-from-029-to-030).
- Fixed [bug #197 - update command has no timeout](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/OpenPanel/issues/197).
- Fixed bug with OpenAdmin service failing if /etc/cron.d/openpanel file is deleted.
- Fixed [bug #194 - OpenAdmin > Settings > OpenPanel error on save: Error restarting OpenPanel service: '' ](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/OpenPanel/issues/194).
- Fixed [bug #195 - Partial backup job runs only for first user](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/OpenPanel/issues/195).
- Fixed bug sorting docker container stats on 'OpenAdmin > Users > *user* > Usage'.
- Fixed [js bug creating new plans from the OpenAdmin interface on OpenPanel Community edition](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1205652108213485571/1291779899442335927/image.png?ex=67015748&is=670005c8&hm=b74aa02b4a44c988843fd55656985702d6d279490aaf2d25186e5a90a71d097f&=&format=webp&quality=lossless&width=1162&height=614).


### ðŸ’… Polish
- `opencli sentinel` will now check if service is actually needed before trying to restart it.
- [OpenAdmin > Users > New will now display detailed log of the user account creation process](https://i.postimg.cc/XjyNsRYL/2024-10-07-16-16.png).
- [Enhanced WordPress auto-installation process](https://i.postimg.cc/9Q9cgn36/wp-installer-openpanel-032.gif).
- [Enhanced Domain addition with error reporting](https://i.postimg.cc/xTJYpTBx/adddomains-2024-10-05-17-32-24-ezgif-com-video-to-gif-converter-1.gif).
- FTP Logs are now available under the 'OpenAdmin > Services > Logs' page.
- Improvements to the 'OpenAdmin > Plans' page.
- 'OpenPanel > FTP Accounts' page now displays server IP and ftp port for users to connect to.
- [Documented features](/docs/admin/settings/openpanel/#enable-features).
- [Restrictions and validations to MySQL and MariaDB database names, usernames and passwords](/docs/articles/accounts/forbidden-usernames/#mysql--mariadb).
- [Restrictions and validations to FTP sub-accounts and passwords](/docs/articles/accounts/forbidden-usernames/#ftp).
- [Restrictions and validations to Email accounts and passwords](/docs/articles/accounts/forbidden-usernames/#emails).
- [Improvements to the 'OpenAdmin > Users > *user* > Backups' page](https://i.postimg.cc/3Nc6Kmd0/2024-09-30-14-41.png).
- [Added checks to the install script: if admin account is actually created and docker file mounted](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/OpenPanel/commit/b1ee609d0723447fccbd090d83f198949008fb42).
- For new domains, the server signature is now passed from the web server running within the user's container. For users running Apache, the headers will display Apache, and for those running Nginx, the headers will display Nginx.
- As from 0.2.9 users can enable /phpmyadmin on a per-domain base, therefor global setting is removed from /etc/openpanel/openpanel/conf/openpanel.config file and `opencli phpmyadmin` command is removed.
- `opencli webserver-check_if_file_exists` command is removed.
- `opencli php-enabled_php_versions` is now renamed to `opencli php-installed_versions`.
- `opencli php-default_php_version` is now renamed to `opencli php-available_versions`.
- `opencli php-get_available_php_versions` is now renamed to `opencli php-default_version`.
- `opencli php-install_php_version` is now renamed to `opencli php-install_version`.
- `opencli php-domain_php` is now renamed to `opencli php-domain`.
- `opencli backup-run` will now check mysql status inside user container before trying to export databases and users.
- `/backup_info/<username>` route on OpenAdmin is now renamed to `/backups/restore/dates/<username>`.
- `opencli ftp-add`, `opencli user-add`, `opencli user-rename`, `opencli admin new`, `opencli admin rename` will on validation errors display links to [username/password requirements](/docs/articles/accounts/forbidden-usernames).
- New user accounts will now immediately be [displayed in 'OpenAdmin > Backups > Restore' with 0 backups available](https://i.postimg.cc/WpZHbCcW/2024-10-01-12-36.png).
- `/etc/nginx/modsec/main.conf` is now renamed to `/usr/local/nginx/conf/modsecurity.conf`.
- `/openpanel`, `/openadmin` and `/webmail` will now redirect to set domains.
- The following routes are now excluded from minification and return plain text: `/view_file` (view files modal on OpenPanel > FileManager), `view_ssl_file/<domain>`, (view fullchain and privkey modal on OpenPanel > SSL), `domains/export-dns-zone/<domain>` (export/view dns zone on OpenPanel > Domains), `check_install` (php version install log on OpenPanel > PHP > Default Settings).
- websites list is removed from OpenPanel > SiteManager interface.
- `opencli domains-add` command now accepts optional `--debug` flag to display verbose output.

