Released on July 01, 2025

### ðŸ’… Polish

- removed minecraft and mssql volumes form backup source selection on user panel.
- new option `activity_lines_retention` is added, setting number of lines to keep in user activity log - default is 1500.
- file downloads from OpenPanel > FileManager are now sreamed in 8KB chunks and Admin configures the limits.
- added user_allowed dictionary representing features that user can access in openpanel ui, to output of `/api/dashboard`
- [Option to trigger a backup manually #539](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/OpenPanel/issues/539)
- added `?output=json` option for `/settings/modules` on OpenAdmin.
- *OpenAdmin > Settings > Modules* now indicates for each module if its Enterprise-only, Free or in BETA.
- *OpenAdmin > Feature Manager > Edit* now indicates for each feature if its Enterprise-only, Free or in BETA.
- improvements to singe users page in OpenAdmin.
- [added indicator in top-right corner on OpenAdmin when service restart is needed after configuration changes](https://i.postimg.cc/ncsSLZw1/2025-06-27-21-01.png).
- [services on *OpenAdmin > Services > Status* now display if service restart is needed](https://i.postimg.cc/9Fv8RS6H/2025-06-27-21-01-1.png).
* **New Settings for Administrators in OpenAdmin â†’ OpenPanel Settings:**
  Admins can now configure the following:

  * Maximum file size for **Edit**, **View**, **Upload**, and **Download** actions
  * Automatic Trash cleanup after a specified number of days
  * Maximum time limit for **compress** and **extract** operations
  * List of extensions to allow **Edit** and **View** options for
  * List of extensions to allow **Compress** and **Extract** options for
  * 
    [View screenshot â†’](https://i.postimg.cc/51x3ykqB/2025-06-27-18-43.png)

### ðŸ› Bug Fixes
- fixed bug with Files and Account sections showing on OpenPanel dashboard when only Emails is set.
- fixed css bugs with `text-end` class on OpenPanel pages: Favorites, Inodes Explorer, Disk Usage, ClamAV Quarantine, Email Accounts. 
- [Can't "Login as Admin" on fresh installed Wordpress website #520](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/OpenPanel/issues/520)
- fixed bug with `opencli user-suspend` not stopping all user containers.
- fixed bug with `opencli user-unsuspend` not starting all user containers.
- fixe bug with `0` showing instead of `âˆž` on *OpenAdmin > Users > single page* for 'Cores' and 'Memory'.
- fixed js error on wget option in File Manager.
- [Downloaded arhive have no Extract enabled in File Manager #541](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/OpenPanel/issues/541#issuecomment-3013182649)
