Not yet released.

### 💅 Polish
- User can now set view mode for Dashboard page (show icons before the names or on top).
- if `screenshots=local` playwright install on OpenPanel UI startup is no longer render blocking.
- `SCREENSHOTS_API_URL` is now set to 'local' for new installations, screenshots in WP Manager wil be locally generated using playwright.
- If `SCREENSHOTS_API_URL` is set to 'local', domains are resolved locally to the IP address assigned to teh user, allowing screenshots to reflect the local webiste, not resolved by DNS.
- Added success/error messages on *OpenPanel > Varnish* when caching is toggled for a domain.
- Improvements to the 'OpenPanel > Containers' page: Net I/O, Block I/O and PIDs are now displayed, columns can now be set by the user, link to logs page.
- `impersonate=no` for new installations.
- when deleting mysql users from *OpenPanel > MySQL > Users* page, usernames are checked against `mysql_restricted_usernames` setting.
- users can now choose to enable autoogin for phpmyadmin (default) or require username/password on phpmyadmin login form.
- Elasticsearch version is updated to `9.3.2` for new installations.
- `stable-alpine` tag will be used for nginx on new installations, this decreases the image size for users running nginx from 240 to just 62MB.
- `alpine` tag will be used for apache on new installations, this decreases the image size for users running nginx from 117 to just 67MB.
- `8.6.2-alpine` tag will be used for redis on new installations, this decreases the image size for users running nginx from 140 to just 97MB.
- `1.6.41-alpine` tag will be used for memcached on new installations, this decreases the image size for users running nginx from 85 to just 13MB.
- Cloudflare turnstile from [the Captcha module](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/captcha) on login form is now [full-width](https://developers.cloudflare.com/turnstile/get-started/client-side-rendering/widget-configurations/#widget-sizes).

  

### 🐛 Bug Fixes
- [On OpenPanel > PHP > Select version all domains show / #899](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/OpenPanel/issues/899)
- Fixed a JS bug in WP Manager where the Refresh Screenshot button failed to regenerate screenshots.
- Fixed broken websites link in search results: `/website/<domain>` to `/website?domain=<domain>`.
- Fixed error `An error occurred: name 'table_names' is not defined` in WP Manager when generating database backup.
- [Custom admin port is not detected by 'Back to OpenAdmin' button when impersonating a user #898](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/OpenPanel/issues/898)
- Fixed bug on PHP Options page that caused CSRF token to show in the URL.
- Fixed error on user-delete: `/usr/local/opencli/user/delete.sh: line 144: syntax error near unexpected token }'`
- Fixed bug deleting domain from terminal.
- Fixed 500 errors on MySQL pages, Favorites and WAF pages.
- Fixed 500 error on Email when email server is not installed.
- Fixed 500 error on Webmail caused by license scirpt not adding required volumes to openpanel container when license is added.
- Fixed bug applying new limits to suers when plan is edited.
- Fixed an issue in WP Manager where *X time ago* displayed a negative number when the browser/device time was ahead of the server time.
- Fixed JS error `Uncaught SyntaxError: Identifier 'toastMessage' has already been declared (at emails:48:10261)` on Emails.
- Fixed bug on user and doamin delte that cuased the email accounts to NOT be deleted.
- [Editing php.ini for not active version starts it #902](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/OpenPanel/issues/902)
