Not yet released.

### 💅 Polish
- [OpenAdmin now supports importing account from CyberPanel backup](https://i.postimg.cc/R9kKvzHM/2026-03-12-21-08.png)
- On the MySQL Users and Databases pages, the service status is now validated. If the service is not running, the system checks whether the current plan has sufficient resources to start it. If not, a message is displayed to inform the user, improving the overall UX.
- [Interactive terminal on *OpenAdmin > Web Terminal*](https://i.postimg.cc/NgB4dbms/Snimak-ekrana-napravlen-dana-2026-03-20-12-21-13.png).
- Interactive terminal on *OpenPanel > Containers >Terminal* page.
- Added domain and username validation on the form for adding new domain from *OpenAdmin > Domains* page.
- Added validation of DNS zone file and Caddyfile before reloading the service, when saving file for domain from *OpenAdmin > Domains* page, along with [temporary files that can be restored if validation fails](https://i.postimg.cc/QhWrpgQG/Snimak-ekrana-napravlen-dana-2026-03-20-13-56-41.png).
- Optimized and refactored user-delete process.
- added optional `--email` flag to `opencli plan-apply` command.
- CPU and Memory restrictions for OpenPanel UI will not be enforced by default for new instalations.
- Added CI/CD integrations on docker image build to check if `shell=True` present in python modules or commands formatted as strings.


### 🐛 Bug Fixes
- Fixed bug adding domain in user-panel.
- [incorrect link on phpmyadmin > edit domain #889](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/OpenPanel/issues/889)
- [On plan change and plan-apply, if user is created on a slave node, cpu&ram limits are still checked on the master #891](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/OpenPanel/issues/891)
- [Fixed a bug with `:ro` volume for caddy that caused user-panel to fail to use SSL if domain is set](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/openpanel-configuration/commit/ae582320e2a1cdba1a9db2aaa957e3abc4841ad5).
- Fixed multiple errors on OpenAdmin running OpenCLI commands, patch is available with: `opencli update --admin`.
- Fixed JS bug in pflogsumm reports shown on *OpenAdmin > Emails > Reports* page.
- Fixed error changing root mysql user password from OpenPanel UI.
- Fixed bug on MySQL Import fialing to set owner for the uploaded .sql file.
- Fixed a bug on user-delete that caused email accounts for the user to not be deleted.
- Fixed error `No such file or directory: 'opencli domain ip'` when setting IP on *OpenAdmin > Settings > General* page.
- Fixed bug on user-change_plan and webserver-get_webserver_for_user commands that caused them to fail reading docker-compose.yml file for a user if username was changed (renamed).
- Fixed bug on user-change_plan that failed to change plan for suspended user.
- Fixed bug on user-panel that still enforced Talisman even when domain is not set for panel access, causing the panel to enforce `https://IP:2083`.
- Fixed css bug on *OpenAdmin > Settings > Edit User Defaults* that prevented saving until `PGADMIN_MAIL` is set.
