Released on December 02, 2025

### ðŸ’… Polish
- Added PHP 8.5 as option for default version in *OpenAdmin > Settings > Edit User Defaults*.
- `opencli php-ioncube` command is removed.
- Added [ioncube loader for php 5.6 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/openpanel-configuration/commit/d28d06dc5901dc34abb6350c2c032e68f60a9aa3)
- Default webserver for new installations is now Apache.
- Varnish Caching is now disabled by default for new installations.
- Added [Google Safe Browsing status widget on WP Manager](https://i.postimg.cc/HnWTTjTd/2025-11-25-19-36.png).
- Added [option to disable Web Terminal feature in OpenAdmin](/docs/articles/dev-experience/disable-openadmin-web-terminal/).
- Restart timeout on *OpenAdmin > License* after adding a license key is decreased from 30 to 10 sec.
- Enhanced WP Manager to deliver up to 300Ã— faster response times on Debug, Update, and Maintenance tabs.
- 'password changed using email confirmation' is now logged in user's [activity log](/docs/panel/account/account_activity/).
- Added [log file for admin defined backups](https://openpanel.com/docs/articles/backups/configuring-backups/#1-admin-configured): `/var/log/openpanel/admin/docker-backup.log`

### ðŸ› Bug Fixes
- [Able to create admin/reseller in free tier #795](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/OpenPanel/issues/795)
- [CORS error when domain is set and custom screenshots and favicons APIs are used. #769](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/OpenPanel/discussions/769)
- Fixed error `name 'abort' is not defined` on *OpenAdmin > Server > Change Root Password*.
- Fixed js error on PageSpeed widget in OpenPanel Site Manager that caused data to not be shown.
- Fixed css bug with input width on phpmyadmin and pgadmin pages.
- Fixed error `ERROR 2026 (HY000): TLS/SSL error: SSL is required, but the server does not support it` when executing mysql operations on Debian13.
- Fixed js bug on *OpenAdmin > Users > single user > Services* table with the `containerID` used in */stop/* and */terminal/* links.
