Not yet released.

### 💅 Polish
- https:// and shortlived SSL is now used on new isntallations if public IPv4 is present on the server and custom domain is not provided by user.
- Improvements to Bandwidth (port speed) restrictions.
- Improvements to plan-apply and users-add scripts.
- `opencli commands` is renamed to `opencli help`.
- `opencli webserver-get_webserver_for_user` command is deprecated.
- Commands: `opencli php-domain`, `opencli domains-edit`, `opencli domains-delete`, `opencli domains-docroot`, `opencli domains-add`, `opencli user-varnish` no longer use the deprecated `opencli webserver-get_webserver_for_user` command.
- CSS improvements on user-panel: auto-height for logo image, close/open cursors for closing sidebar
- Users can now be created with resources exceeding the server physical cpu and memory.
- `/api/database-size` no longer uses user defined ini file for executing wp cli command.
- WP-CLI updated to v2.12.0
- UI changes in user panel: search moved to top-right corner, 'Dahsboard' removed from menu items, added expand/collapse button on the menu.

### 🐛 Bug Fixes
- Fixed bug with MOTD on root login that still used http:// wven when IP with SSL is set.
- Fixed bug on domain-add that failed to detect webserver for user, causing vhost files to not be created.
- Fixed bug on `opencli user-login` failing to format url when IP is set for panel access and no SSL.
- Fixed bug on OpenAdmin > Settings > API with loading examples.
- Fixed bug on domain suspend/unsuspend status not shoed in user panel for 30s.
- Fixed bug on `opencli email-server install` that used http for IP even if SSL is available.

#TODO: remove get_webserver_for_user script
