--- 
hide_table_of_contents: true
---


# 0.1.8

Not yet released.


### ðŸš€ New features


### ðŸ› Bug fixes
- "New User" button on 'OpenAdmin > Users' is now visible on mobile devices.
- Resolved issue regarding locales not being installed during OpenPanel installation.
- Fixed bug with mysql on Virtualizor: `Fatal glibc error: CPU does not support x86-64-v2`
- Fixed [bug with PyArmor encoding domains module](https://github.com/stefanpejcic/OpenPanel/issues/109)
- [`opencli docker` commands](#opencli-docker)

### ðŸ’… Polish
- `opencli ssl-hostname` script now tries to restart all required services if any are failed.
- MySQL docker container now automatically restarts after failure.
- [GoAccess is now run as docker container to process domain logs](#allinurl-goaccess)
- First plan is now selected by default on the *OpenPanel > Users > Add New* form.
- [Improved messages for docker image updates](https://i.postimg.cc/GmQ7fXH7/2024-05-09-15-19.png)


### allinurl/goaccess

GoAccess is no longer directly installed on the server; instead, it [runs as a Docker container](https://hub.docker.com/r/allinurl/goaccess) when necessary. This setup ensures that resources are utilized only when required and prevents any utilization of system services during idle periods. When collecting domain statistics, one container is initiated per domain name.


### opencli docker

Several new OpenCLI commands are now available to manage the Docker service:

- To collect docker resource usage information (cpu, ram, i/o) for all users:
  ```bash
  opencli docker-collect_stats
  ```
- Set global docker limits (ram and cpu) for all containers combined.
  ```bash
  opencli docker-limits [--apply | --read]
  ```
- Download [official docker images](https://dev.openpanel.co/images/browse.html) for OpenPanel:
  ```bash
  opencli docker-update_images
  ```
- Rotate resource usage logs for all users according to the [resource_usage_retention](https://dev.openpanel.co/cli/commands.html#resource-usage-retention) setting.
  ```bash
  opencli docker-usage_stats_cleanup
  ```

