---
---


# 0.1.6

Not yet released.

### ðŸ› Bug fixes
- Fixed bug durring ModSecurity installation process that caused the script to hang. (reported by [reyokh](https://hostingforums.net/d/282-openpanel-not-another-free-hosting-panel/6))
- Fixed bug on *OpenAdmin > Users* with displaying server name
- Fixed bug on *OpenAdmin > Users > Edit information* with modal-backdrop left after closing the modal.
- Fixed bug on *OpenAdmin > General Settings* with the disabled input field causing 500 error on save.
- Resolved an issue with the PHP-FPM service that led to WordPress prompting for FTP credentials during plugin installation and media uploads.
- Fixed bug where suspended users were being excluded from search results in the *OpenAdmin > Users* section.
- Fixed bug where [the wrong OpenPanel version was shown in the sidebar](https://i.postimg.cc/Jz0tMy7X/2024-03-18-13-38.png) under OpenPanel.
- Fixed bug where errors for the OpenAdmin section were being logged in api.log instead of the error.log file.

### ðŸš€ New features
- Docker images can now be downloaded, updated and deleted from the *OpenAdmin > Docker Settings* page.
- Introduced *OpenAdmin > API Settings* page, enabling API access, token generation, curl command execution, request sending, response viewing, and API access log monitoring.
- Added a feature that allows for [manual initiation of updates via the *OpenAdmin > General Settings* section](https://i.postimg.cc/FzCGTgFg/openadmin-update-is-available.png).

### ðŸ’… Polish
- Added check if docker images exist before creating plans.
- The system now logs the admin username to identify who performed actions for a user.
- Moved all JavaScript code for OpenAdmin to external files.
- All responses from OpenAdmin are now compressed, including pages (HTML), templates (JavaScript & CSS), and API responses (JSON).
- Added online status indicators to the Users table in OpenAdmin.



## Fixed bug durring ModSecurity installation process

As (reported by [reyokh](https://hostingforums.net/d/282-openpanel-not-another-free-hosting-panel/6)) - the installation of ModSecurity via the OpenAdmin interface failed to complete. We added additional checks and rewrote the script in order to make it work more efficiatenlty.

Tested on dozen new installs and now working without a problem.


