--- 
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

# 0.2.7

Not yet released.

### ðŸš€ New features
- Server configuration backup and restore.
- Support for MariaDB.
- Option to set a custom docker image when creating plans from OpenAdmin > Plans.

### ðŸ› Bug fixes
- Fixed bug with nginx reload from user panel and `opencli ssl-domain` failing due to incorrect shell path in nginx:alpine docker image. 
- Fixed bug with DebianBanner in sshd_config on Fedora and AlmaLinux causing the service to fail.
- Fixed error on CentOS 9 when starting CSF: `Can't locate locale.pm in @INC (you may need to install the locale module)`. 
- Fixed bug with SELinux on Fedora40 causing infinite restart of mysql container - error `error while loading shared libraries: libtinfo.so.6: cannot change memory protections`.
- Fixed bug with pquota mount for docker storage file on CentOS 9.
- Fixed bug with crontab that caused the `opencli server-stats --save` not to run.
- Fixed bug with `opencli server-recreate_hosts` causing nginx to fail if suspended user has active domains.
- Fixed bug with displaying long txt records on OpenPanel > DNS editor.
- Fixed bug with displaying tooltips on OpenPanel > Services Status.


### ðŸ’… Polish
- Added [information and new status 'Not Started' to the *OpenAdmin > Dashboard* services widget](https://i.postimg.cc/NMQSN63C/2024-08-29-12-59.png) for services that are not running but will be automatically started when needed.
- Added indicators for suspended users on OpenAdmin > Domains.
- Added validation on OpenAdmin > Users > new user form.
- OpenAdmin > Plans page now [displays the technology stack for each plan](https://i.postimg.cc/gjWMfXKn/2024-08-29-20-19.png).
